# Article: [OpenAI makes a ChatGPT-like tool called Codex that can write software. Here's why Codex won't replace developers and will instead create more demand for their skills.

## Software Development/Engineering Article Link:
[Article Link](https://www.businessinsider.com/chatgpt-openai-codex-developer-jobs-2023-2?utm_source=copy-link&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=topbar)

## What I Find Intresting about this Article:
ChatGPT has revolutionized so many aspects of everyday life. Before ChatGPT, people knew AI existed, but in my experience, AI wasn't available in an easily digestible way. ChatGPT, on the other hand, is simple and easy to use, which allows people to understand how useful AI can be. I am beyond excited about Codex and the level of innovation it will promote. 

Regarding Codex, I am interested in who owns the code it produces. When a software developer writes code, that code is typically the property of the developer or the company that the developer works for (depending on contracts). However, there is a point of ambiguity regarding the code Codex produces. **I am excited to see the legal ruling as to who has the right to answers made by Codex.**
> Interesting point!

## Janak Balar's Thoughts
I too am enthusiastic about the development of AI and its increased use among the general public, as it has not always been readily available before. I think that it will continue to grow in its use and will revolutionize the way that coders and software engineers go about their job. The concept of code ownership is interesting as the code is generated by an AI which utilizes other people’s code as a base for writing its own code. There may need to be steps taken where the AI’s training data and sources are released and cited in order to give credit to any copyrighted sources that were used. It will be interesting to see how this situation unfolds and what is ultimately decided regarding the legal ownership of content produced by AI. 